Add information about plugins (#308)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/get-started-with-neo4j/index.adoc

Besides the free option, you can select the subscription plan that suits you best. +
At the moment, AuraDB provides a few example datasets to help you learn more about graph databases and graph query language, Cypher.
+

> If you are a data scientist, you might be interested in link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/aurads/[Neo4j AuraDS], a graph data science platform as a fully managed cloud service.

Reviewer: Maybe referring to the Sandbox is another possibility? https://neo4j.com/docs/graph-data-science/current/installation/

Author: Maybe not here since this paragraph is about Aura in general. Below on the page, there is a point dedicated to Sandbox as one of the options to get started with Neo4j. I think we can put the link to the GDS Sandbox there.

You get access to more than 65 pretuned link:https://neo4j.com/docs/graph-data-science/current/algorithms/[graph algorithms].
+

> * link:https://neo4j.com/pricing/#graph-database[Neo4j Database] can be installed on-premises and deployed in various contexts: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/linux/[Linux], link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/osx/[macOs], and link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/windows/[Windows].

Reviewer: Maybe the link to Neo4j Database should be the one that gets you started with it instead of the pricing page? 
Also suggesting other editorial options

```suggestion
* link:https://neo4j.com/cloud/platform/aura-graph-database/?ref=docs-nav-get-started[Neo4j Database] can be installed on-premise and deployed in various systems: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/linux/[Linux], link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/osx/[macOs], and link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/windows/[Windows].
```

Reviewer: True!

+
To extend Neo4j capabilities, you can install several optional tools as plugins.
To configure the plugins, refer to the information on the pages:
+
** link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/plugins/[Operations Manual -> Plugins]

> ** link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/file-locations/[Operations Manual -> Default file locations]

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this one needs to be listed here as the paragraph is about plugins

+

> * link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[The Neo4j Docker image] provides a standard, ready-to-run package of Neo4j Community Edition and Enterprise Edition for a variety of versions.

Reviewer: Ready-to-run looks a bit weird, but I see that you got it from the Docker page

+
* link:https://neo4j.com/product/developer-tools/[*Neo4j Desktop*] is one of the ways to set up an environment for developing an application with Neo4j and Cypher.

> Download Neo4j Desktop from link:https://neo4j.com/download/[] and follow the installation instructions for your operating system.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the Desktop docs?
